<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <title>assignment2b</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>The distinctions and commonalities between artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) are pivotal in understanding their roles in technology. AI is a broad field that encompasses the development of systems capable of performing tasks that typically require human intelligence, such as reasoning, problem-solving, and understanding natural language. In contrast, machine learning is a subset of AI focused specifically on the creation of algorithms that enable computers to learn from and make predictions based on data. While both domains share the goal of enhancing computational capabilities, they differ in their methodologies and applications. Furthermore, the emergence of alternative AI programs, such as rule-based systems and expert systems, introduces additional layers of complexity to the landscape. These alternatives can sometimes offer more straightforward solutions for specific tasks, potentially impacting the demand for traditional AI and ML skills in the job market. There has been an increasing competition between IT developers and the growing dependence on AI data. AI is transforming the IT landscape by automating routine tasks and enabling more efficient data analysis, which can streamline operations and reduce costs. However, this growing reliance on AI also means that IT professionals need to upskill and become proficient in AI technologies to remain competitive. As AI continues to evolve, IT careers will increasingly focus on developing, implementing, and managing AI systems, making adaptability and continuous learning crucial for those in the field. As a result, IT careers are evolving, with professionals increasingly required to adapt to a diverse array of technologies and methodologies, emphasizing the importance of continuous learning and flexibility in skill development.

For search engines, I mainly use Google to see if there are any similarities or any differences between the engines. So I used Google, Bing, and Yahoo to search for what Ocean Acidification is. I wanted to see if they could give me similar responses. When defining what Ocean Acidification is, there was a difference in the type of source they used. Google's answer had more variety in sources compared to Bing and Yahoo. This reflects well with what I kept seeing. The search engines Google, Bing, and Yahoo exhibit both distinct differences and notable similarities in their functionalities and user experiences. Primarily, Google is renowned for its sophisticated algorithms and vast index, which enable it to deliver highly relevant search results quickly and efficiently. Its emphasis on user experience is reflected in features such as personalized search results and a minimalist interface. In contrast, Bing, developed by Microsoft, offers a visually appealing homepage with dynamic images and a focus on integrating multimedia content, which can enhance the search experience for users seeking visual information. Yahoo, while historically significant as one of the first search engines, has evolved into a web portal that combines search capabilities with news, email, and other services, thus providing a more comprehensive online experience. Despite these differences, all three platforms share fundamental similarities, such as the use of algorithms to rank web pages, the ability to conduct image and video searches, and the incorporation of advertising to generate revenue. Ultimately, while each search engine has carved out its niche, they all strive to meet the fundamental goal of connecting users with the information they seek.
</p>
  </body>
</html>
